Move validation groups parameters to appropriate bundle configs (#15664)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.13.md

1. There has been a naw parameter added to specify the validation groups for given gateway factory.
   If you have any custom validation groups for your factory, you need to add them to your `config/packages/_sylius.yaml` file.

>    Also, if you have your own gateway factory and want to add your validation groups you can add another key to the `validation_groups` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Also, if you have your own gateway factory and want to add your validation groups you can add another entry to the `validation_groups` configuration node.
```
